hey this your boy Jay Howard the host of
CSE sports I me to talk about NBA live
13 first off I want to thank the guys at
any sports putting this piece together
you know I mean for putting this game
back on the market and read napping in
taking two years off to get it right
because over the last couple years 2k
sports have been given the Payne family
their money's worth the last installment
of NBA Live was 2010 it was a good game
in my opinion now that was a great game
had a couple of flaws to it but the
gameplay was actually the future of
basketball now what I'm here and now is
that NBA live 13 is the future a
basketball I hope so cuz I know you guys
are capable of putting on a game that
can change the way video games are made
and played so EA I want to give you a
list of things that you should do to
make this game worth fifty nine dollars
or the future of basketball as you guys
are calling first off in franchise mode
I would like for you guys to put a
ticker with line of scores from the
franchise the users franchise and you
can have the option to have the live
scores from the NBA or whatever Sports
is going on in this season with India
with the NBA secondly you guys should
add the whole entire i'll start with in
back to the game have every game that's
played in all-star weekend won the game
thirdly this is the killer you guys
should add cutscenes to other games that
are being played there in progress the
same time you're playing for instance
say if I was running the franchise with
chicago bulls and that was playing
detroit say it's like probably about 70
games into the season all through it
both of those teams are trying to get
the playoffs and the game is coming down
to the wire with a clean plan and
milwaukie game you will cut to that
Cleveland Milwaukee game to show what's
going on so the user that's playing with
the balls or Detroit with like damn
Cleveland just one or you're walking
just wanna live in web site into the
game you know I mean add that to the
game give us a
customizable soundtrack also we put our
own music on again we shouldn't be
forced to listen to some of the music
that you guys putting ink was everything
that you've only game it's not good
you're hungry no disrespect but you have
a decent sound truck here in there but
of late on be honest with you I would
like to hear a little bit more of my
musical and producer awesome hahaha but
if you can do that EA I guarantee you
keep the graphics the way you had them
fix the face models a little bit there
little too androgynous of sweaty looking
you know I mean they look kind of like
zombies but they were good the gameplay
farce from NBA live 10 up to now if you
can just make it a little bit more
smoother and more attributes and more
like customizable things like the
clothing and stuff like that a little
bit more I think you guys can people to
case if you can put some measures on
again put make a mode where you can play
a whole error likely to play the 1978
season with the team you don't have to
put Charles Barkley on the game i knows
partying hard to put them only on
Michael Jordan but put their names in
the database so if you do want to make
that character you can go pick out
Michael Jordan you need a saint michael
jordan even put some templates far as
faces and stuff you can choose that
looks similar to those players so you'll
have to fight it spent all day making
one character model you know sometimes I
hate how you guys did the critter player
mode it took me like 30 minutes to make
one guy you know I'm making so if you
can fix that EA I think you guys can
arrange supreme you know making this
video because I am a die-hard I mean die
hard in da live fan been playing since
95 I have to k12 right now but i am
writing my franchise seasons when NBA
live 10 updated took me all day to do
this but I did it because I'm more use
it's not that two kids a bad in Turkish
a great game chick has been kicking our
last to be honest with you but I am used
to playing NBA live and I'm die hard you
know I mean I'm die hard on my faithful
so please do it for me at least give us
some great game in NBA live 13 please
man I'm begging you do not us
like you did us with madden the player
models a grim imagined of the gameplay
was great but you have access again with
no halftime show you check off the
halftime shows you have frequency mother
to manage and get me and give us nothing
this year but the gameplay was good EA
please stop bullshitting the fans before
you lose us and if you need some music
for one of your games contact your boy J
Howard J Howard I have a shown internet
a sport she'll call CSC sports my
website is www CSC sports with J Howard
calm so check me out EA please give us
what we want peace j how